Add info about native module testing and CI (#174)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/native-modules-setup.md

7. Add `react-native.config.js` to parse the special argument we added ([example](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-webview/blob/master/react-native.config.js#L28-L33)).
8. Update JS main module path (relative path to metro projectRoot) in `App.cpp` if necessary ([example](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-webview/blob/master/example/windows/WebViewWindows/App.cpp#L25)).

### Adding tests for your module
We are using Appium + WinAppDriver for UI testing. More details [here](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows/blob/master/docs/e2e-testing.md#appium), there's also a comprehensive [course on Pluralsight](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-ui-testing-appium/table-of-contents) about Appium. For real world examples, check out [react-native-webview](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-webview) or [progress-view](https://github.com/react-native-community/progress-view).

### Setup CI (continuous integration) pipeline for your module

> When done developing your module, it's good practice to setup CI pipeline with automated build and tests to avoid any future regressions. There are many services avialable for setting up CI pipeline. We'll use [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/getting-started-with-github-actions/about-github-actions) as example here since it doesn't require extra account setup if you are already hosting your code on GitHub, also the default vm image has all the tools we needed pre-installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When done developing your module, it's good practice to setup a CI pipeline with automated build and tests to avoid any future regressions. There are many services available for setting up a CI pipeline. We'll use [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/getting-started-with-github-actions/about-github-actions) as an example here since it doesn't require any extra account setup if you are already hosting your code on GitHub, also the default VM image has all the tools we needed pre-installed.
```

> The vm images supported by GitHub Actions CI/CD can be found [here](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments#github-actions-virtual-environments), check the pre-installed toos and compare them with [React Native Windows development dependencies](https://microsoft.github.io/react-native-windows/docs/rnw-dependencies), find the image that has all (or most) of the required tools installed.

Reviewer 2: In the paragraph above you write that the images have 'all the tools we needed pre-installed' but in this instruct the user to look for one that has the most dependencies installed. I would rewrite this. 

Also, typo here:  "pre-installed toos"

       
    - name: Setup NuGet
      uses: NuGet/setup-nuget@v1.0.2

    - name: Check node modules cache
      uses: actions/cache@v1
      id: yarn-cache
      with:
        path: ./node_modules
        key: ${{ runner.os }}-yarn-${{ hashFiles('yarn.lock') }}
        restore-keys: |
          ${{ runner.os }}-yarn-

    - name: Install node modules
      if: steps.yarn-cache.outputs.cache-hit != 'true'
      run: yarn --pure-lockfile
    
    - name: yarn build
      if: steps.yarn-cache.outputs.cache-hit == 'true'
      run: |
        yarn build
        yarn tsc
```
- Build the project
```yaml
    - name: NuGet restore
      run: nuget restore YourTestApp.sln

    - name: Build x64 release
      run: msbuild YourTestApp.sln /p:Configuration=Release /p:Platform=x64 -m
```
- Run tests
```yaml
    - name: Deploy
      shell: powershell
      run: |
        cd example
        Copy-Item -Path windows\x64\Release -Recurse -Destination windows\
        npx react-native run-windows --arch x64 --release --no-build --no-packager

    - name: Start Appium server
      shell: powershell
      run: Start-Process PowerShell -ArgumentList "yarn appium"
      
    - name: Run tests

>       run: yarn test:windows

Reviewer: I worry about deviating from run-windows too much (e.g. this custom deploy step isn't what apps normally do).
I remember we discussed this on Tatiana's PR but I forget why we can't just use run-windows ?

Author: Yeah I agree we should just use run-windows if possible, I'll do some more testing on this...

Author: I got some weird "resource busy or locked" errors when doing run-windows on react-native-webview. But I just tried it in a standalone project it seems to be working fine, it's probably a WebView only issue. I've updated the doc to just use `npx react-native run-windows` as general guidance. 

Here's the WebView error I got if you are curious:
```
Failed to construct transformer : error : EBUSY: resource busy or locked, open 'D:\react-native-community\react-native-
webview\example\msbuild.ProjectImports.zip' [D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\example\windows\WebViewWind
ows\WebViewWindows.vcxproj]
      at Object.openSync (fs.js:448:3)
      at Object.readFileSync (fs.js:350:35)
      at getContent (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js:149:41)
      at Object.<anonymous> (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js
  :199:9)
      at Generator.next (<anonymous>)
      at asyncGeneratorStep (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js
  :78:24)
      at _next (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js:98:9)
      at D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js:103:7
      at new Promise (<anonymous>)
      at Object.<anonymous> (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js
  :95:12) {
EXEC : error : EBUSY: resource busy or locked, open 'D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\example\msbuild.Pro
jectImports.zip' [D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\example\windows\WebViewWindows\WebViewWindows.vcxproj]
      at Object.openSync (fs.js:448:3)
      at Object.readFileSync (fs.js:350:35)
      at getContent (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js:149:41)
      at Object.<anonymous> (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js
  :199:9)
      at Generator.next (<anonymous>)
      at asyncGeneratorStep (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js
  :78:24)
      at _next (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js:98:9)
      at D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js:103:7
      at new Promise (<anonymous>)
      at Object.<anonymous> (D:\react-native-community\react-native-webview\node_modules\jest-haste-map\build\worker.js
  :95:12)
    type: 'Error',
    errno: -4082,
    syscall: 'open',
    code: 'EBUSY',
    path: 'D:\\react-native-community\\react-native-webview\\example\\msbuild.ProjectImports.zip'
  }
```

Reviewer: @kaiguo thanks for looking into it - this is a known issue that we've added a workaround for in the rnw repo.
https://github.com/dotnet/msbuild/issues/5383

The workaround is to add this blacklist entry to `metro.config.js`:
```js
  resolver: {
    // We need a custom resolveRequest right now since our integration tests use a "windesktop" platform thats specific to integration tests.
    resolveRequest: reactNativePlatformResolver({
      windesktop: 'react-native-windows',
      windows: 'react-native-windows',
    }),
    extraNodeModules: {
      // Redirect react-native-windows to this folder
      'react-native-windows': rnwPath,
    },
    blacklistRE: blacklist([
      // Avoid error EBUSY: resource busy or locked, open '...\vnext\msbuild.ProjectImports.zip' when building 'vnext\Microsoft.ReactNative.sln' with '/bl'
      /.*\.ProjectImports\.zip/,
    ]),
  },
```

Author: Yes that worked, I'll update WebView repo. Thanks!
